we've been told that the links have made
a kill further up the valley so we get
back on the trail and keep stalking off
predators prints up into the forest
the tracks here are very different to
before deep in the snow
big long space between them which means
that the animal here is moving much much
faster and the reason for that we can
see up ahead of us in the snow that is
the kill that we've come up here to find
Wow so this is the kill exactly where we
were told it would be it's a young
female roe deer and the flesh it's still
quite movable hasn't frozen solid so
it's relatively fresh the way this would
have been killed is here right at the
throat the Lynx would come in climb pits
teeth around the windpipe and strangle
the air at the animal death will come
really really quickly probably within a
minute in all probability after it
killed this animal it was frightened
away by something and it might come back
and feed again tonight so our best
chance of getting a shot of the Lynx is
for us to put up a remote camera here
focus down on this animal and hope that
it comes back in the night it's a long
shot but it's our best chance